Post Paradox
In the distant future after humanity conquered space travel they learn something that they were not supposed to know. It all began when they reached out to <Mars>, an red planet which is the most habitable planet in our solar system. Due to the recent war with which every people came together as one, managed to make human race fall from extinction. In this time there are no race, caste, community, everything died along with war. What now lies is the common survival of people by helping each other. They have all lost almost everything in the paradox war. Most of the top minds died during the paradox war. Left with few, humanity managed to survive harsh environments. For the most of the part, earth has lost almost every natural ability to heal itself and started to head towards destruction. With the remaining Q-Energy left (Quantum Energy - a new source of energy obtained from an accident that occurred in the past), they managed to send one back in time not to stop the war but to keep watch of one person and know the truth. They knew that they were doomed, even if they were to change the past, what awaits is the horrible future worse than this. And to begin with, their timeline cannot be changed as it already occurred.

Let me first brief you how timeline works. Say for example, your world is destroyed (same as this one) but you are the only one who survived, and you time travel back to change the present(the current future), even if you go back in time and change the past, the future will not change as it already happened. To be frank, the past, present and the future exists at the same time. Say for example, you stopped the main source which is the reason for the world to end, the world survived and when you try to go back to the future you possibly cannot, cause this is the new reality created by the entity of an alternative reality. But that reality which you came from had died and you are now in the alternate reality and there is no way that you can return to that reality. There are also many paradox you might have come across, grandfather paradox to be precise, let me explain you that. If you go back in past, you kill your grandfather, if he dies, your father would not have been born and you would not exist to travel back in time. That what are the theories circulating but time travel is just a one way ticket. In the same example, if you went to kill your grandfather, your father might not have been born, that might be true, but you will become part of that reality without a way back home. There will be questions, what would happen to the time machine, would not it take back to the future. And that answer will be yes but that depends on killing the grandfather or not. If you not kill your grandfather, you could return to anywhere from where you returned but if you change even one instance of the past. You will end up in a different future (as you might know "Time traveler moves the chair" quote). We cannot know about what future we might end up to. And there is a dangerous situation when a entity from alternate past travels to the future and changes things too. That's a complete different story. As you might have understood the basics. Let move back in our story.

In the previous volume
